Terms of Use
This Terms of Use relates to visitors to Piktochart.com and users of the magic.Piktochart editor. This includes, you, dear Reader. By visiting, remaining on this site and using the editor, you are agreeing to our Terms of Use along with all applicable laws and regulations.

If you do not agree with any of these terms, please do not access this site or use the magic.Piktochart editor. The materials contained on Piktochart’s website (http://piktochart.com/) and its corresponding infographics editor magic.Piktochart (https://magic.piktochart.com/) are protected by applicable copyright and trademark laws.

Use of Piktochart and Magic.Piktochart, the Infographics Editor
Permission is granted to view and use the materials (information and software) found on Piktochart’s website. This is the permission of use, of which you may not:

modify or copy the materials in Piktochart.com;
use the website and editor for any commercial purpose, or for any public display commercial or non-commercial (this does not include infographics which have been customized and edited by users on magic.Piktochart);
attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on Piktochart’s website or magic.Piktochart infographics editor;
create materials on Piktochart that have any of the following qualities: libelous, defamatory, pornographic, harassing, hateful, an invasion of privacy, obscene, abusive, illegal, racist, offensive, harmful to a minor or an infringement of any intellectual property rights or a trade secret of a third party;
remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or
transfer the materials to another person or “mirror” the materials on any other server.
Piktochart will automatically terminate access at any time if you are found to violate any of these restrictions. Upon termination, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.

Copyrights and Trademarks
All users own the copyrights of all graphic materials created using Piktochart. Free users, have no option but to publish publicly with Piktochart’s watermark in any medium.

Users can freely distribute infographics made using Piktochart on any medium including TV, print, Internet and mobile. Infographics produced by PRO users using Piktochart can be resold as an end product or a service provided.

Both Free and PRO Users are strictly not allowed to sell their usernames and/or passwords or share them with others.

Uploaded materials
Users retain the ownership and copyrights and intellectual property rights applicable to all materials uploaded to Piktochart. This refers to images in JPEG, PNG and icons in SVG formats.

Further to that, you are responsible to not upload or publish any materials (data, images and information) protected by copyright, trademark, or any other proprietary right without the expressed permission of the owner.

You are solely liable for any damages resulting from the infringement of copyrights, trademarks, proprietary rights, or any other harm resulting from created material. You agree to pay all royalties, fees, and any other monies owing any person for any materials posted by you via Piktochart.

Payment Policy
For use of Piktochart’s complete suite of tools, themes, graphics and features on magic.Piktochart infographics editor, users are required to subscribe to a PRO account. The subscription of which, users are required to pay applicable fees as described on Piktochart’s Pricing page.

Piktochart reserves the right to change this price list and institute new charges with adequate notice. Your continued use of the service means you accept all new or increased charges.

Cancellations and Refund policy
You may cancel your PRO subscription at any time. No notice period is required and all recurring payments will be halted. Users will still have PRO access up to the expiration date of your last payment.

Requests for cancellation can be done on your Accounts Settings page on Piktochart. We offer a Money-Back-Guarantee, so we will refund your money for any reason at all within 60 days of the initial transaction. Please note that Piktochart subscriptions purchased at a discounted rate (i.e. Educators, Non-profits) are not eligible for refunds.

Health and Safety
Use of information found on Piktochart and the use of magic.Piktochart editor is entirely at your own risk, for which we are not liable. It is your responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through Piktochart meet your requirements.

Parents, teachers and libraries are accountable for children under the age of 13 and their usage of Piktochart. We have done our part in complying with Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) – view “Piktochart and Children Under 13” section of Piktochart’s Privacy Policy.

You are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. Any claim relating to Piktochart’s web site is governed by the laws of Malaysia without regard to its conflict of law provisions.

Disclaimer
Piktochart makes no guarantees, expressed or implied concerning the accuracy, likely results or reliability of the use of materials and information found on its website, magic.Piktochart infographics editor, blog or sites linked to Piktochart.
Piktochart does not endorse and has no control over user created infographics. We cannot guarantee the authenticity of any data which users may publish on Piktochart.

Limitations
Piktochart is not liable for any loss or damages suffered in connection with the use of or exposure to any content contained on Piktochart.com or any User created infographics published, emailed, accessed, transmitted or otherwise made available via Piktochart.

In no event is Piktochart liable for any damages for loss of data, profit or business interruption arising out of the inability to use the materials on Piktochart including the magic.Piktochart infographics editor and all User created infographics. You will be solely responsible for any damages or loss to any party resulting from it.

Revisions and errors
Information appearing on Piktochart’s site and corresponding magic.Piktochart editor could include technical, typographical or photographic errors. While we strive to do so, Piktochart does not guarantee that any of these materials are accurate, complete or current. Piktochart may make changes to the materials contained on its website and editor without prior notice. But we do not, make any commitment to update these materials indefinitely.

Privacy Policy
Please read Piktochart’s Privacy Policy establishing the rules and guidelines we adhere by in relation to user’s privacy concerns.

Terms of Use Concerns
If you have any questions regarding Terms of Use with regards to Piktochart, please get in touch with us. Below are a number of avenues in which you can do so.

Email: support@piktochart.com
Skype ID: delight@piktochart
Call: 1+302-703-7458

By using Piktochart, you consent to comply with this Terms of Use. Piktochart may revise these Terms of Use at any time without notice. Any changes will be posted on this page.

This document was last modified on 9 May 2014.